Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine deliveries could start 'before Christmas'

U.S., South Korean business groups urge trade, 5G cooperation between their governments

Canada housing squeeze: Buyers moving up 'handcuffed' by hard-to-sell condos

U.S. housing finance regulator adopts new capital rule for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac


								New York fines NRA gun rights group, bans insurance sales for five years
Canada's Intact, Denmark's Tryg agree to buy British insurer RSA for $9.6 billion

Boeing’s next big hurdles are out of its control

								House Democrats back Pelosi for another term as speaker
Biden campaign expects Georgia's election result to be certified soon

Chapter 3: Rochester takes on the police union
Fed's Barkin: 'let's see how it goes' on whether more QE needed

Short-seller Muddy Waters takes aim at Chinese social media firm JOYY

Chapter 1: A dubious hunch
Ericsson takes issue with Swedish ban on Huawei: FT

Apple lowers App Store fees for small developers, critics see little impact


								Pennsylvania high court to hear Trump challenge to thousands of votes

Can first COVID-19 vaccines bring herd immunity? Experts have doubts

Analysis: U.S. manufacturing is booming - but not for these guys

Largest crypto investment manager tops $10 billion in assets

From 'haves' to 'have-nots': how COVID-19 is swelling UK's subprime ranks


								Wall Street dives as shutdown worries overshadow vaccine hopes

								Canada names China, Russia as main cyber-crime threats; sees risk to power supply
Canada on Wednesday identified state-sponsored programs in China, Russia, Iran and North Korea as major cyber crime threats for the first time, and said it feared foreign actors could try to disrupt power supplies.
The National Rifle Association agreed to a five-year suspension of its insurance business in New York state and will pay a $2.5 million civil fine to settle charges it offered insurance to members without a license and concealed how it routinely kept some premiums for itself.
Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday voted to keep House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in her job for another two years, despite the Nov. 3 elections in which the party lost seats to Republicans.
Nvidia Corp forecast fourth-quarter revenue above Wall Street expectations on Wednesday, betting on robust demand for its graphic chips for gaming devices and data centers.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.

                    Governments and officials are voicing hopes that COVID-19 vaccines could bring 'herd immunity', with some calculating that immunizing just two-thirds of a population could ease the pandemic.
Shares of Tesla  surged 10% to end near a record high on Wednesday, extending a two day rally after it was announced the electric car maker will join the S&P 500.
A U.S. district court judge on Wednesday blocked expulsions of unaccompanied children caught crossing into the United States, a setback for the outgoing Trump administration, which said the policy was aimed at limiting the spread of the coronavirus.
