
Apple to pay states including California, Texas and Arizona $113 million to settle investigation into company's throttling of older iPhones by slowing them down to preserve their batteries


Traffic warden in Leicester issued £180,000 in fines over 18 months - an average of £10,000 every four weeks - figures show 


Two drunk mothers are arrested for neglect after they had to be rescued when they took their children swimming in the sea at night


'Britain's worst paedophile' Richard Huckle was strangled with a cable and stabbed in the brain with a pen by prisoner who wanted him to 'feel what all those children felt', court hears


Ex Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn says Green Beret 'who helped him escape Japan in musical-equipment box' should not be extradited because he'd face inhumane interrogation


The Crown's artistic licence gets MORE outrageous: Episodes 5 to 10 claim Australia's PM likened the Queen to a 'pig', Charles was emotionally abusive and Thatcher begged the monarch to dissolve parliament - but is there any truth in it?


Bollywood supercouple Gauri and Shah Rukh Khan open their exquisitely designed New Delhi home on Airbnb


Controlling teacher, 37, is handed restraining order for threatening to kill his partner, calling her a 'know it all f***ing supermum', and shoving and hitting her in series of rows during abusive 11 year relationship


Watchdog launches urgent probe into Spanish middleman who was 'paid £21MILLION of taxpayers' cash' to set up PPE deal between the NHS and Florida-based jewellery designer


Make a DIFFERENCE to people's lives: Why training to teach could be the ideal start - or switch - to a super rewarding career


Tier Three WAS working: Covid-19 hospital admissions are falling in hotspot areas that were under toughest local curbs before lockdown


Meghan Markle admits she provided personal information to the authors of Finding Freedom via a third party, High Court documents reveal 


Astonishing moment gorilla gently tries to coax injured bird to fly after it lands in its zoo enclosure 


Parents are crushed to death alongside their seven-month-old boy and pet dog after cliff collapses on to them on Brazilian beach


Who's the scaredy-cat now? Pet kitty chases away four-tonne elephant that wandered into its garden looking for food in Thailand 


        
        The Great British Bake Off judge, 54, also reminded viewers that each week is judged independently of the contestant's past performances in a strongly worded Instagram message.
    

        
        Hope for Christmas get-togethers were given a major boost today as the daily number of coronavirus infections and deaths fell by 15 and 11 per cent in a week and Boris Johnson said his priority is to reunite families over the festive period. Dr Susan Hopkins, a senior doctor at Public Health England, revealed she was 'very keen' to give Britons a 'normal' Christmas after a tumultuous year that has seen families kept apart for months on end. There were reports overnight that ministers were mulling over loosening restrictions between December 24 and 28. Government chiefs are also said to be considering proposals which would allow family 'bubbles' of up to four households who will able to meet for Christmas. Speaking at a Downing Street press conference today, Dr Hopkins said she believes 'it is possible'. But she warned for every day that measures are loosened, 'we will need two days of tighter restrictions'. It could mean spending New Year in some form of lockdown.
      

        
        A traffic warden in Leicester handed out a staggering £180,000 in parking fines over a year and a half - averaging around £10,000 per month - figures from Leicester City Council show.
    

            
            Australia has become the envy of the world after hosting the largest sporting event since the coronavirus pandemic began. Thousands around the globe who tuned into the State of Origin decider were stunned to see over 52,000 eager fans packed in Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium with no social distancing and very few face masks. International viewers watching in countries with hundreds of thousands of active infections marvelled at the spectacle as almost all major sports worldwide are now played behind closed doors.
        

            
            Rudy Giuliani returned to federal court for the first time since 1992 to argue for his client Donald Trump Tuesday, as the president ran out of lawyers and legal options, and was left using the former mayor as his frontman. But the hearing was far from smooth or convincing, with Giuliani stumbling over the law and the facts, calling his opponent 'that man who was angry at me' and needing the meaning of 'opacity' explained to him by the judge. 'In the plaintiffs' counties, they were denied the opportunity to have an unobstructed observation and ensure opacity,' Giuliani said. 'I'm not quite sure I know what opacity means. It probably means you can see, right?' 'It means you can't,' said U.S. District Judge Matthew Brann in Williamsport, PA. 'Big words, your honor,' Giuliani said.
        

        
        Gemma, 30, from Birmingham worked at the budget clothes shop for seven years from the age of 18. Speaking to the Sun she revealed how to get the best bargains at the budget store.
    

        
        McDonald's has launched its Christmas menu today which features a double Big Mac and a festive Celebrations McFlurry, and runs for six weeks before ending on 29th December.
    

        
        Thousands of anti-lockdown protesters gathered in Berlin on Wednesday ahead of a government vote. Police dispersed the crowd with water cannon after they refused to wear masks.
    

        
        Mr Corbyn was suspended from Labour last month over his response to a report by the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC).
    

        
        Sammi-Jo Edwards, 41, was furloughed in March and drank '15 cans of lager a day' while she 'struggled with lockdown' before she was killed by a train at a railway crossing in Somerset on June 28.
    

        
        The highest number of daily deaths across the world from coronavirus was recorded on Tuesday, with 10,816 fatalities. The previous record of global daily deaths was 10,733, registered on November 4
    

        
        Ghosn, left, said he was 'shocked' to hear Michael Taylor, right, could be extradited to Japan. Taylor, 59, and his son Peter are currently being held in U.S. federal custody.
    

        
        Apple is set to charge developers who make less than $1 million in sales a year a 15% commission fee - half of the standard. Big names like Epic Games and Spotify have hit back at the change.
    

            
            Andrew Monck, 33, flew to the UK from Sydney to meet girlfriend Rosanna Wilson, 32, at Heathrow Airport on Tuesday (right). The couple fell in love after chatting online, with Andrew agreeing to move in with Rosanna at her home in Paignton, Devon, after four months of dating. The couple had met once briefly at a mutual friend's house party in Wales in 2011 but admit they don't remember much about meeting initially and said it 'wasn't their time'. Earlier this year they both suffered break ups, and when Rosanna started a vlog called The 30-Something Singleton, Andrew got back in touch.
        

        
        Gheorge Bertlef, 31, from Exeter, Devon, attacked the 18-year-old university student as she walked home from a club at 2.40am on November 13 last year, Exeter Crown Court heard.
    
