Worldwise: Vesta CEO Julian Buckner’s Favorite Things
The Undrafted, $100 Million NBA Player
Apple Slashes App Store Fees for Smaller Developers
Doctors Begin to Crack Covid’s Mysterious Long-Term Effects
Hurricane Iota Leaves Destruction in Nicaragua
Can’t Code? You Can Still Make Your Own Apps
Covid-19 Pandemic Underscored Importance of IT in Medical Research
Pompeo Says Easing Iran Sanctions Would Be ‘Dangerous Choice’
The Man at the Center of Wirecard’s Deal Machine
Apple Slashes Small-Business App Store Fees in ‘Genius PR Move’
Pandemic Pressures Boy Scouts, Already Facing Sex-Abuse Claims Avalanche
Food-Service Distributor Sysco Names New CFO
Russian State TV on U.S. Election: ‘Has Nothing to Do With Democracy’
Inside Jennifer Lopez’s Pop Culture Empire
How Michaela Coel Turned Trauma Into Hope With ‘I May Destroy You’
The ruling said the Trump administration can’t immediately expel unaccompanied immigrant children and deny them a chance to request asylum under a public-health emergency the government declared in March.
Independent of The Wall Street Journal newsroom. 
Caution gave way to euphoria in financial markets when Pfizer and BioNTech said their coronavirus vaccine was more than 90% effective, but that was bad news for a cluster of computer-driven funds.16
Pfizer plans to seek authorization for the vaccine within days, leaving the shot on track to go into distribution by the end of the year if health regulators permit.795
Among the predictions: Tools to make it easier to work from home, new ways to measure performance and more virtual reality.
Graphics-chip maker’s results were propelled by a pandemic-era boom in home computing and videogaming and the increasing use of its chips in big data centers.5 minutes ago
By Phil Gramm and Mike Solon | Commentary
By The Editorial Board | Review & Outlook
The slogan became a progressive rallying cry in Minnesota after the killing of George Floyd, but now the phrase is being blamed for harming down-ballot Democrats both in the state and nationally.
Apple is cutting to 15% from 30% the commission it charges smaller developers that sell software through its App Store—a partial concession in its battle with critics over how it wields power in its digital ecosystem.
With a risky new TV series about consent, the writer-director-actor-showrunner–executive producer is inspiring audiences and change in her industry.
Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza has long been a center for Black-owned business. Now local residents want new buyers to have more of a stake in the community.26
Target said sales rose steadily in its most recent quarter, as demand for household goods and home office supplies continued to grow during the pandemic, while shopping shifted online.
The judge overseeing the Justice Department’s antitrust lawsuit against Google said he hoped to set an initial schedule for the case in December, while a government lawyer indicated the department had more than 100 potential witnesses.
U.S. stocks slipped Wednesday as mounting coronavirus cases forced more parts of the country to impose restrictions meant to fight the spread of the virus.2 minutes ago
