Iowa’s Governor Went From Dismissing Mask Mandates to Ordering One
How the Out-of-Control Pandemic Is Speeding the Testing of Vaccines
G.O.P. officials refused to certify Michigan ballots over issues that are fairly common.
Republicans face an outcry after refusing to certify Detroit vote: ‘You could see the racism.’
Election misinformation often evaded YouTube’s efforts to stop it.
Democrats nominate Nancy Pelosi for another term as speaker, as she suggests it could be her last.
New York City to Close Public Schools Again as Virus Cases Rise
Stocks fell on Wall Street amid worries about spiraling virus cases.
Facebook moderators forced back to the office raise alarms about Covid-19 protections.
The Vaccines Will Probably Work. Making Them Fast Will Be Hard.
Its Late-Stage Trial Complete, Pfizer Says Vaccine Is 95% Effective
Together 37 years but rarely paired onscreen, the real-life couple’s new Netflix holiday movie is an indication of how they — and Hollywood — have changed.
Pfizer and Moderna will face hurdles such as using new technology, scaling up into the millions and securing raw ingredients.
Kim Ng has proved herself for three decades. Her peers said they can’t think of a more qualified first-time general manager.
A.O. Scott considers the author’s extensive influences and her wholly unique imagination in the third installment of “The Americans.”
After Republican officials initially refused to certify votes, voters were left wondering: Could the results of a free election be blocked that easily?
The rise, fall and resurrection of the Taliban.
See the U.S. hot spots
The California Republican believes his party’s victories in 2020 came thanks to President Trump, not in spite of him: “He brought turnout.”
The F.A.A. said changes in software, design and training had made the plane safe to operate.
A federal judge ruled that an emergency decree did not give the Trump administration authority to expel unaccompanied children before they could request asylum.
Day 2 of the DealBook Online Summit is focusing on the economy, innovation in the age of Big Tech and corporations’ role in addressing racial inequality.
LeBron James, Jamie Dimon and Ruth Porat speak today.
The company said it planned to apply for emergency approval from the Food and Drug Administration “within days.”
There is a place for education in the fight against racism, but we shouldn’t confuse it for the fight itself.
Buoying artists and educators in a year of dashed expectations.
See all new cases around the world
Take an illustrated look at famous independent bookstores. Plus, more ways to pass the time while at home today.
The surge in coronavirus cases worldwide is helping researchers measure more quickly how well their vaccines protect against Covid-19.
Running into friends on the street has gotten a lot more complicated.
