Winter is coming. That means we need to start fighting covid-19 with humidity.
D.C. launches $100 million grant program for hard-hit businesses
Dolly Parton is the superhero America needs in 2020
An oral history of how Alex Trebek became America’s most beloved game-show host
Biden to hold event with health-care workers; Trump to seek Wisconsin recount
Yet again, Daniel Snyder made sure to do the right thing — for himself
How big a turkey should I buy? That and other Thanksgiving FAQs answered.
Pfizer to seek regulatory review for vaccine ‘within days’
Rockets apparently fired by an Iranian-backed Iraqi militia hit U.S. complex in Baghdad as tensions rise
Apple cuts some App Store fees, but critics call it a ploy to avoid regulation
Some — but not all — Republicans are finally wising up about the coronavirus pandemic
White House chief of staff ‘can’t guarantee’ U.S. government will avert December shutdown
Time to call out the GOP’s new Jim Crow tactics
Trump is testing democracy. Nine out of 10 senior elected Republicans are failing.
New Orleans bans Mardi Gras parades in 2021
The seven-day average of new cases Wednesday across Va., Md. and D.C. notched a high for a 15th consecutive day.
Millions of Americans now have access to free, anonymous coronavirus exposure notifications. Too bad so few people use them.
The R&B mainstay’s new album pays tribute to Marvin Gaye by aiming to continue his work.
Get the headlines from today's paper, and click on each one to read the story.
Amber Elliott, a county health director in Missouri, says she is worried for her safety.
Apple announced Wednesday that it would cut its fee to 15 percent for businesses with less than $1 million in revenue. The company's biggest critics say the move will do nothing to encourage new innovation and business models.
If Trump’s main goal was to convince his base that Joe Biden didn’t win fairly, he succeeded.
Though long expected, the news rattled the retail pharmacy industry, sending shares of giant drugstore chains plummeting over fears of new competition.
Experience The Washington Post on your tablet and phone.
This week, United Airlines announced a trial of flights between Newark Airport and London Heathrow where every passenger receives a rapid coronavirus test before boarding.
Washington wants defense and an NBA-ready player out of Wednesday’s draft. The team doesn’t necessarily have to keep the ninth pick to get there.
Try one of these creative, tasty twists on the usual Thanksgiving and holiday favorites.
Crispy cornbread, herbed challah, chestnut-cranberry, oyster and more stuffing and dressing recipes for Thanksgiving.
As covid-19 threatened a group home for disabled women, their caregivers opened a stash of Clorox wipes, hoping to stop the infection from spreading.
Reader uses her mother as a model for how not to parent. Now, a revelation from her own daughter worries her.
