U.S. existing home sales rise for fifth straight month


								Biden's possible attorney general pick has moderate track record: progressive critics

								U.S. weekly jobless claims rise; COVID-19 surge seen slowing labor market healing
Baidu gets useful M&A advice from unlikely source

								Ethiopia moves on Tigray capital, denounces WHO boss Tedros
Mediaset denies it received letter from Vivendi on alliance in Europe

At 100, last Nuremberg prosecutor still yearns for justice

Peru's youth has taken down a president. Now they want more
Canada's West Fraser Timber to buy rival Norbord in $3 billion deal

Lebanon sets starting point for sea border negotiations with Israel

Britain and Canada could announce trade deal in coming days: sources

Top Photos of the Day

								Former Wirecard boss Braun stonewalls German lawmakers' inquiry
Georgia, Wisconsin recounts likely will not change Trump election defeat, officials say


								U.S. agency opens regulatory proceeding to ensure self-driving car safety

								Southwest deploys team to bring 737 MAX jets out of desert
Yemen aid workers fear possible U.S. blacklisting of Houthis


								Pompeo visits Israeli-occupied West Bank and Golan Heights
Stocks mostly lower, dollar steady, on jobs report, lockdowns


								Model Y drags down Tesla's ranking in annual reliability survey by Consumer Reports
Twitter faces renewed heat in India over inaction against anti-court posts

Chapter 1: A dubious hunch
Wall Street's main indexes edged lower on Thursday as soaring coronavirus cases and an unexpected rise in weekly jobless claims raised fears of stalling growth in the world's largest economy.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
Tesla Inc's  newly introduced Model Y crossover, which has had body-hardware and paint issues, dragged down the electric-car maker's standing in Consumer Reports magazine's annual reliability study.

                    The presidential election battleground state of Georgia is expected  to affirm Joe Biden's victory over President Donald Trump after a painstaking recount, which would deal another setback to Trump's efforts to cling on to power.
Mike Pompeo on Thursday became the first U.S. secretary of state to visit an Israeli West Bank settlement and the Golan Heights, in a show of solidarity that led Palestinians to accuse him of helping to cement Israeli control over occupied territory.
U.S. auto safety regulators said Thursday they are opening a formal regulatory proceeding that could eventually result in the adoption of new safety standards for autonomous vehicles.
Wirecard's former boss stonewalled questions from lawmakers on Thursday when he was temporarily released from jail for an inquiry into post-war Germany's biggest corporate fraud.
Ethiopia said on Thursday it was bearing down on the capital of Tigray region in a two-week-old war, and tore into the World Health Organization (WHO) head with accusations of diplomatic lobbying for the rebels.
