Track the Rising Coronavirus Case Count
How Tyler Perry Is Giving the Entertainment Industry a New Hope
IT Snafus Added Confusion to Migrant Family Reunification, Watchdog Says
Why Some Schools Close as Covid-19 Cases Rise When Others Stay Open
How to Stay on Top of Your Health From Home During Covid-19
Opinion: Gretchen Whitmer Strikes Again
Finland and Norway Avoid Covid-19 Lockdowns but Keep the Virus At Bay
Venezuela Opposition Fights Creditors for Control of Billions in Global Assets
Target’s Earnings Were Strong Enough to Impress One of Its Last Skeptics
A Los Angeles Mall Gets Snarled in Charged Debate Over Local Ownership
Jobless Claims Rise as Virus Keeps U.S. Recovery in Check
JetBlue Explores Fresh Marketing for a Post-Pandemic World
Covid-19 Pandemic Underscored Importance of IT in Medical Research
10 Best Food and Drink Holiday Gift Ideas to Bring Instant Cheer in 2020
Afghanistan Braces for Worst as U.S. Troop Withdrawal Accelerates
Publisher Penguin Random House said the debut marked the largest first-day sales for any book it had ever published.
Independent of The Wall Street Journal newsroom. 
The Verafin acquisition would be New York-based Nasdaq’s largest deal in more than a decade and its latest effort to diversify away from its core exchange business into technology.15 minutes ago
Unemployment claims rose 31,000 to 742,000 last week, the Labor Department said, the first increase since early October.145
Superlow interest rates in Europe helped China to sell its first negative-yielding debt, as it raised about $4.7 billion in a three-part deal in euros.
As Covid-19 cases continue to soar, public-health officials urge people to stay home and keep celebrations small.643
By The Editorial Board | Review & Outlook
Creditors are moving closer to seizing billions of dollars in Venezuela’s overseas assets, dealing a blow to the country’s opposition movement that has sought to protect the assets for an eventual change in regime.10
Net sales fell more than 20% in the third quarter, while the company reported its third quarterly loss in a row, as the pandemic continues to ding retailers’ results.
For years, the stories I told about them had a negative tinge. It’s time to revisit those stories.
Dow Jones Products
The president is threatening Republicans who challenge his refusal to concede, as looming deadlines for key states to certify their results are set to narrow the path for his legal challenges.22220 minutes ago
By Daniel Henninger | Wonder Land
To chart the extent of the pandemic, The Wall Street Journal’s trackers show the areas where infections are rising fastest, and totals for countries around the world.
The move is a response to both the crisis facing the movie business due to Covid-19 and the company’s desire to attract consumers to its new digital platform.
