

                                                                    'Covid-19 made me rethink career needs'                                                            



                                                                    Ready for the total solar eclipse?                                                            



                                                                    Is the 'cool' office over?                                                            



                                                                    The city that kept slavery silent                                                            



                                                                    The mysterious appeal of a labyrinth                                                            



                                                                    Fatal hurricane causes devastation in Central...                                                            



                                                                    Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction'                                                            



                                                                    Yazidis appoint new spiritual leader in Iraq                                                            



                                                                    Blue whales have 'rediscovered' South Georgia                                                            



                                                                    Breaking the taboo of tattoos                                                            



                                                                    Ban on new petrol and diesel cars in UK from 2030                                                            



                                                                    Big Bash substitute rule 'ludicrous'                                                            



                                                                    Dr Fauci's Covid advice for US Thanksgiving                                                            



                                                                    Oxford Covid vaccine 'encouraging' in older adults                                                            



                                                                    French Muslims asked to accept 'Republican values'                                                            


                                                            EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier says a member of his team has tested positive for the virus.                                                    

                                                            It is the first time a top US official has made such a trip, widely seen as controversial.                                                    

                                                            How an ageing Luis Suarez and a coming-of-age Joao Felix are leading an Atletico Madrid title challenge which could last the course.                                                    

                                                            Introducing substitutes to the Big Bash League is a "ludicrous" idea, says former Australia spinner Brad Hogg.                                                    

                                                            It was home to the first black people in the Americas                                                    

                                                            At least 30 people have lost their lives in devastation caused by the strongest Atlantic hurricane of the year.                                                    

                                                            The US elections in 2020 cost a record $14bn. BBC Reality Check takes a look at who paid this and how it was spent                                                    

                                                            Keith Richards on the US election, being punched by Chuck Berry and the Rolling Stones' future                                                    

                                                            Why are we drawn to impossible spaces?                                                    

                                                            President Macron gives Muslim leaders an ultimatum to accept a "charter of Republican values".                                                    

                                                            Pep Guardiola signs a two-year deal that will see him remain as Manchester City manager until the summer of 2023.                                                    

                                                            The usually all-female ITV talk show had a high-profile makeover for International Men's Day.                                                    

                                                            Why starting a business with a friend can be playing with fire                                                    

                                                            It could be the end of an era for Silicon Valley                                                    

                                                            Have women bosses coped with the pandemic better than their male counterparts?                                                    
