A cutoff of federal unemployment benefits looms for 12 million workers.
Trump thanked an election official for her support. The next day she tried to rescind her certification of Detroit’s votes.
Confrontations in swing states escalate as Trump continues to attack election process.
New claims for state unemployment benefits rose to 743,000 last week.
How Much Longer Can New York State Avoid a Full Shutdown?
U.S. Passes 250,000 Deaths, With Government in Disarray
Families found support after the pandemic disrupted their children’s education.
Nicolás Maduro is cracking down on the leftist activists who once supported him, but have begun to speak up against his administration’s corruption.
In “The Father,” the actor turns in a career-capping performance of a patriarch struggling with dementia and yet claims, “No acting required.”
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
The Worst of Trump winners are in!
See all new cases around the world
We have a full slate of movies and shows to watch over the holidays, plus more ideas for how to pass the time while you’re at home.
See which vaccines are closest to approval
See the U.S. hot spots
In a new interview, he tells us how to survive the coming months.
After the state went blue in the presidential race, more than $135 million in TV ads have been booked in two Senate runoff elections.
They were hailed as heroes during the first wave of the pandemic, but wage increases were fleeting.
A Times analysis shows that the surge is worst now in places where leaders neglected to keep up forceful virus containment efforts.
A long-awaited dredging of the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn, a Superfund site, has begun in earnest. It may not be finished for at least a decade.
A new report examines how plastic waste affects marine wildlife.
Elections officials have faced threats as Republicans have tried to subvert the voting system. Nowhere was the strain more evident than in Michigan.
Scientists now say that there is little to no evidence that deep cleaning mitigates the threat of the virus indoors.
New York is banking on a variety of less disruptive mandates, even as health experts and other officials warn that such measures may not be enough.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo became the most senior U.S. official to visit a West Bank settlement. He also called a boycott of Israel anti-Semitic.
Confronting race on the first date.
Buoying artists and educators in a year of dashed expectations.
Palestinian officials are looking to overhaul a controversial policy: paying stipends to prisoners held by Israel in a system critics call “pay to slay.”
The pandemic economy in 7 numbers.
Outdoor dining and takeout may not pull most restaurants through another lockdown. Here’s how the owners of two are making do as they wait for the city to act.
