
Mixed signals! Hilarious snaps reveal warning signs give off entirely the wrong message


The world's best superyachts named in prestigious awards: A £120m vessel 'bordering on perfection' named the overall winner, with a boat featuring a 3D Imax cinema also honoured


Two boys describe how they were abducted by men then tortured for ten hours, raped and buried alive in a Swedish cemetery looking like they'd 'showered in blood' before finally escaping


Face masks do NOT protect the wearer from coronavirus, but will stop them from infecting other people, Danish study finds 


More than one in three restaurants and hotels fear they will shut permanently within next three months as second lockdown hits hospitality sector 


Madeleine McCann suspect LOSES his parole bid: Christian Brueckner must complete jail term for drug charges, court rules 


'Orgasm cult' run by 'messianic' female leader where women were 'stroked' by men during 'wellness' classes is under FBI investigation amid prostitution claims after staff were told to have sex to secure business, podcast reveals


Royal Mail goes from profit to loss as parcels overtake letters for the first time - but shares surge 7%


MPs slam GCHQ for focusing on 'image rather than cost' when finding offices for the new National Cyber Security Centre as the Government's listening post overshot its budget by almost £3 million per year


Police take 10,000 blades off Britain's streets and arrest more than 2,000 suspects in week-long national crackdown on knife-crime


First complete T-rex skeleton locked in a fight to the death with a Triceratops is finally revealed to the public after being buried for 67 million years


'On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me... five days of quarantine!': Britons react to news that allowing festive family get-togethers could trigger month-long 'lockdown 3.0' in January


Does wearing a dress REALLY make you less of a man? After Harry Styles' Vogue cover was met with calls to 'bring back manly men', a brave MailOnline reporter tests how masculine he feels while parading the streets in a ruffled blue frock 


Fashion chains Peacocks and Jaeger fall into administration with more than 4,700 jobs and almost 500 shops under threat 


Moment spoilt 17-year-old YouTuber crashed his billionaire dad's one-off $3.4m purple Pagani Huayra Roadster - before taking to Instagram to say 's**t happens'


       
       A dramatic CCTV video shows how father-of-one Alexander, 27, was inches from being hit as the concrete slab smashed into the roof of his car in Russian port city Vladivostok. The trawlerman looked up a split second before to see the large block crashing down from the side of the building - and ran for his life. The slab weighing an estimated two tons left his vehicle a wreck. It had plunged from the side of the building on the ninth floor on Neibuta Street. Later the fortunate driver posed with a bottle of beer to celebrate his 'second birthday' - the day of his astonishing escape.
     

            
            'Do you regret doing Panorama?' I asked Princess Diana over lunch at Kensington Palace in May 1996, six months after her infamous BBC interview that is now making global headlines again, writes PIERS MORGAN. She looked at me intently with her massive blue eyes. 'No,' she replied firmly, 'I have no regrets. I wanted to do it, to put my side over. There has been so much rubbish said and written that it was time people knew the truth. But I won't do it again. Once is enough. I have done what I set out to do.' I looked over at her son Prince William, just 13 at the time and the only other lunch guest apart from a palace PR lady, and he was staring unhappily down at his plate. 'Did you think it was a good idea, William?' I asked him. He pursed his lips, and his cheeks reddened, then he laughed in a slightly embarrassed way and replied: 'I'd rather not say...'
        

        
        Pupils at Dartford Grammar School in Kent, pictured, have been told they must not wear face masks bearing the Black Lives Matter logo while on school grounds.
    

        
        Imagine doing a job where you came home 'exhausted but euphoric' every day
    

       
       The cute footage that was filmed at The Maryland Zoo in Baltimore on November 3 shows Maisie playing with human baby toys and giggling with a wide grin at carers, who give her a tickle under her arms.Baby chimp Maisie was born at the Oklahoma City Zoo in late August  but moved to Maryland Zoo to be hand-reared after her birth mum rejected motherhood. She is due to be paired with a surrogate chimp mum - but for now is being given round the clock care by zoo keepers.
     
Steal Lorraine's style in a satin midi dress from Ghost

        
        Nicole Elkabbas, 42, of Broadstairs, Kent, is accused of using a GoFundMe page - complete with a picture of her lying in a hospital bed - in a 'scheme designed to trick and to con'.
    

        
        President Trump leveled a string of accusations of voter fraud Thursday, claiming it was 'rampant' in Detroit and that the election was 'rigged' against him, even after suffering legal setbacks.
    

            
            PlayStation 5s have appeared on eBay (bottom right) for more than twice their retail price of £449 as people try and cash in on the scramble to find one of the coveted consoles after the websites of major UK retailers crashed due to extraordinary demand for the  console, which has launched today. Currys ran out of stock of the PS5 by 9:30am and has confirmed 'there will be no PS5s available to buy today' (top right). While virtual vendors have largely depleted their stocks, gamers have resorted to standing in a drizzly, socially-distanced queue outside physical shops. Pictured inset, a queue in Liverpool for the device; left: people waiting outside GAME in Stratford, London.
        

        
        Allies of the former Opposition Leader claimed they had an agreement with his successor to return the party whip after he published a 'clarification' regarding anti-Semitism comments.
    

        
        Sohail Ayaz, a paedophile who once worked for Save the Children UK before being deported, has been sentenced to death in his native Pakistan after police say he confessed to raping 30 children.
    

        
        Demands have been growing for the publication of its findings into Ms Patel's conduct in recent weeks and it is due to be released shortly, the Financial Times reported today.
    

        
        Energy giant E.On is set to axe 700 support and management jobs over the next to years in a restructuring move.
    

        
        Sawyer Feasey was unresponsive when Jessica woke up in the early hours in March at their home in Plymouth, Devon (file photo).
    

        
        The average cost of a home was £244,513 in September - the latest month for which Land Registry figures are available. That was £4,060 more than in August.
    
