Republicans are letting Trump wage war on democracy
Thanksgiving 2020: How to celebrate safely and smoothly
Md. governor signs order to release some prisoners to slow spread of virus 
Virus threat reaches into halls of Congress, clouding Senate agenda
Been injured in an election? Call Rudy Giuliani now!
Winter is coming. That means we need to start fighting covid-19 with humidity.
Black Friday 2020: Expect shorter lines, simpler layouts and piles of pajamas
Md., with 15 players and its coach testing positive, cancels Mich. State game
The sniper rifles flowing to Mexican cartels show a decade of U.S. failure
Six things we can already tell about the Biden administration
Wayne County Republican who asked to ‘rescind’ her vote certifying results says Trump called her
The battle over truth looks likely to play out on a new suite of social-media alternatives
Why the GOP is sticking with Trump’s election deceit
Pompeo makes unprecedented visit to West Bank settlement as Israelis prepare for Biden policy
Maryland also had to cancel its game against Ohio State last week. The football team has now had 23 players test positive for the coronavirus in two weeks.
A memorial brings long overdue recognition to the tens of thousands who have served in peace and war for two and a half centuries.
After weeks of rumors suggesting that the Timberwolves and the Golden State Warriors might move the top two picks, both teams stood pat.
In a legal win for veterans, the Army agreed to a settlement that would review discharge upgrade requests involving mental health-related trauma.
The guidelines stress that not all celebrations are canceled, but “large gatherings have proven to be super spreader events.”
Reader knows her husband isn’t sympathetic, but she needs emotional support.
One of the few events on the racing calendar, the JFK 50 Mile race will take place with as many as 1,200 runners as the coronavirus crisis worsens in Maryland.
Unsafe, unsanitary and unhelpful are reasons to bail. So, watch out for them before you book.
The U.S. Forest Service finalized a rule that bypassed the environmental review process for a plan to allow logging and roadbuilding in 2,800 acres of wilderness.
Peter Debbins, who had family ties to the country, told investigators he had a “messianic vision” of saving Russia from its own leadership.
Army Chief of Staff Berhanu Jula accused World Health Organization Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus of supplying arms to the rebel Tigray region.
Amid coronavirus, complaints by staff members and months of internal conflict, another chapter ends in Roth’s controversial theater career.
The action comes as the state is facing a two-week-plus stretch of record-setting numbers of new coronavirus ­cases.
After a sympathetic Trump administration, settlers in the West Bank and East Jerusalem predict a return to the old cat-and-mouse game in which they push to expand their communities until the White House pushes back.
This week, United Airlines announced a trial of flights between Newark Airport and London Heathrow where every passenger receives a rapid coronavirus test before boarding.
Giuliani, at 76, has revealed himself to be a man who believes that he can summon truth from falsehoods, bend the law to his will and conjure whatever reality suits him simply by speaking his dreams aloud.
