Where Georgia’s Hand Recount Differed From the Initial Tally, by County
Here’s a look at how many electoral votes have been certified — or made official — so far.
Two Republican lawmakers from Michigan are meeting with President Trump today at the White House.
Georgia Certifies Biden’s Victory, Hours After Premature Announcement
When the pandemic came to rural Wisconsin.
Saudi Arabia counted on President Trump’s support, but President-elect Joe Biden has criticized its “dangerous blank check.”
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
Georgia’s vote audit found more than 5,000 new votes but left President-elect Joe Biden’s victory intact.
Ina Garten, a.k.a. the Barefoot Contessa, has a loyal, diverse and growing fan base that follows her even through quarantine and a Thanksgiving lockdown.
The Packers’ offense facing the Colts’ defense highlights a weekend filled with interesting matchups.
The best fiction, poetry and nonfiction of the year, selected by the editors of The New York Times Book Review.
What should Joe Biden prioritize in his first 100 days?
Patty Schachtner, a medical examiner in Wisconsin, took masks to funeral homes and installed showers for sheriff’s deputies. What followed was unforeseeable.
The new Showtime documentary aims to present a more complex view of John Belushi, the tragically fated star of “Animal House” and “S.N.L.”
Try our five-ingredient Thanksgiving dishes for easy shopping and prep so you can enjoy the day. Plus, more ideas for what to cook at home this weekend.
Those who are gathering with family or friends are taking precautions or rethinking their holiday rituals altogether. Most are staying home.
Ellie Furneaux looked like she was going to become Britain’s next star in the sledding sport skeleton. But a series of concussions took a heavy toll.
The polarization of the confirmation process will present the new administration with a challenge in filling out its upper echelons.
Buoying artists and educators in a year of dashed expectations.
The pandemic has reshaped the 2021 mayoral race, with New York City’s economic and health challenges casting a shadow over social justice issues.
The Trump administration’s abrupt decision to curtail the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending programs is a gamble with no upside.
It is unclear when in-person instruction will restart, but the number of children who will return to classrooms has fallen short of the mayor’s predictions.
His only success will be in ruining what should be the celebration of a successful election under highly challenging circumstances.
Steven Mnuchin’s move and Judy Shelton’s near-confirmation suggest a future of greater risks each time party control changes.
