Top FCA, PSA investors tighten grip as merger approaches

Trump meeting with Michigan Republicans will not include campaign: White House


								Georgia pours cold water on Trump bid to overturn Biden win
More U.S. Congress Republicans openly doubt Trump's election claims

When cops and America’s cherished gun rights clash, cops win

								New Trump Medicare drug-price rules denounced as political revenge by industry
Amazon bows to French pressure to push back 'Black Friday' sales

U.N., several countries denounce arrests of Egyptian activists


As pandemic worsens, top COVID-19 official warns many states are red zones

Mnuchin says will leave next U.S. administration a 'bazooka' after clawback of Fed loan funds


								Ahead of G20, U.N. chief warns 'developing world on precipice of financial ruin'
Medical sterilization firm Sotera Health shares jump 17% in debut

Exclusive: Alpha Bank picks Davidson Kempner as preferred bidder for $12 billion Galaxy bad loans - sources

Exclusive: German draft IT security law strives for consensus on telecoms vendor risks

Top Photos of the Day
AMC Networks to cut jobs in restructuring

Fed's Powell says will return Treasury funds as programs set to lapse

U.S. rivals aim to challenge Amazon under the tree
Billionaire UK investor aims to force hundreds of companies to act on climate

Pfizer files COVID-19 vaccine application to U.S. FDA

Wealthy countries block COVID-19 drugs rights waiver at WTO: sources

Turkey's Erdogan, Saudi king agree to solve issues through dialogue: Turkish presidency

Apple Inc and AT&T asked the judge hearing the Justice Department's lawsuit against Alphabet's Google on Friday to allow them to designate certain data in the complaint "highly confidential," to ensure that no-one from Google could see it.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Friday that war-torn Yemen is in "imminent danger of the worst famine the world has seen for decades," warning against any unilateral moves as the United States threatens to blacklist Yemen's Iran-allied Houthi group.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
A divided federal appeals court on Friday declared unconstitutional two south Florida laws that banned therapists from offering conversion therapy to children struggling with their sexual orientation or gender identity.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday announced two rules aimed at lowering drug prices for people 65 and older in the Medicare health insurance program, prompting a biotechnology industry group to accuse the president of seeking political revenge.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Friday that "the developing world is on the precipice of financial ruin and escalating poverty, hunger and untold suffering" as the world struggles to combat the coronavirus pandemic.

                    Deborah Birx, the White House Coronavirus Task Force coordinator, stressed that Americans avoid unnecessary travel and limit gatherings during the Thanksgiving holiday, fearing a further COVID-19 surge after one of the deadliest weeks in months.
U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday as investors wrestled with fiscal stimulus developments, concerns over a lengthy rollout of vaccines, and a growing number of state-level shutdowns to combat the spiraling COVID-19 pandemic.
