
Pregnant wife of Superdry millionaire founder Julian Dunkerton is isolating at £14,000-a-night CLARIDGE'S suite as she prepares for the birth of their first child


Elon Musk says the first human colony on Mars will live in 'glass domes' and one million people will live there by 2050 after the poles are blasted by nuclear weapons to melt ice caps and induce warming 


Ministers could send Army troops to Hull as a 'Covid emergency' is declared with the city battling the worst infection rates in England 


Francois Hollande, 66, 'cheated' on partner Julie Gayet, 48, with a 33-year-old ballerina but said they'd just met to discuss 'politics' when photos of them together emerged, French magazine claims


Rudy Giuliani cleans up for TV interview after hair-dye fiasco and continues to claim there was 'massive voting fraud'


Domestic violence victim, 20, is spared jail after taking revenge on her abusive ex by sending a nude video of him to his family and bombarding his friend's grandparents with unpaid takeaways 


Tributes to 'beautiful' mother-of-three, 56, who was found stabbed to death at home as her husband, 60, appears in court charged with murder


Man, 22, broke six-week-old baby's femur by using boy's legs and arms as 'drumsticks' in cruel game but will avoid jail if he behaves himself for six months


Giant 200-ton dumper truck reverses off a 80ft cliff and erupts into flames - but driver somehow escapes alive


Apprentice contestant who was branded a 'snake' by Lord Sugar wins sex discrimination case after being fired from £170,000-a-year job by boss who 'ran her around like his secretary'


74 smuggled parrots stuffed into plastic water bottles are discovered on a ship in Indonesia 


World's oldest penguin dies: 'Grandma', 46, is put to sleep after entertaining visitors to German zoo since 1975


Son who sent death threats to politicians including former Prime Minister Theresa May because he feared his mother would fail the UK immigration test has been jailed for two years 


Women in their mid-30s 'may NEVER get equal pay' as report says Covid pandemic hits workplace equality


Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe had pacemaker, used wheelchair and was almost blind when he died from Covid aged 74, inquest hears


NEW

        STEPHEN GLOVER: No sooner does the prime minister sack two infamous bullies - Cummings and Cain - than an official report declares Home Secretary Priti Patel is also a bully.
    
Make like Melanie in a pair of Carvela ballerinas

        
        Google Maps has revealed the most popular outdoor locations for a stretch of the legs for residents in the UK's cities, based on what people searched for using the tool from February 1 to October 20.
    

        
        Hampshire Coroner Jason Pegg said he had decided to make the presenter (pictured) an 'interested person' under the coroner's rules in the case of Steve Dymond.
    

        
        Wajid Shah, 27, from Slough, believed his mother Noreen would fail a UK immigration test as she did not speak English. Shah, who has an IQ of 58, was jailed for two years.
    

        
        Shelby Gratty, 20, shared explicit videos of Teejay Etchells in a bid to publicly embarrass him after she fell victim to jealousy-fuelled attacks, Tameside Magistrates Court heard.
    

        
        Ben Watkins died on Monday aged 14 from Angiomatoid Fibrous Histiocytoma, a soft tissue tumour, at Chicago's Lurie Children's Hospital.
    

        
        American passenger Alek Skarlatos has revealed to a Paris trial that he tried to shoot a heavily-armed gunman but the gun jammed during a 2015 attempted attack on a Paris-bound train.
    

        
        Public sector debt hit a new high of £2.08trillion at the end of October as the Government's coronavirus borrowing surged to almost £215billion in just seven months.
    

NEW

        Rishi Sunak will next week outline new rules that will help support the North, after abandoning the Treasury's 'Green Book,' regulations that favour investment in wealthier parts of the UK.
    

        
        Shehroz Iqbal was already being monitored by police for a 2017 offence, but managed to join an extremist WhatsApp group that celebrated the September 11 attack's anniversary.
    

        
        Rishi Sunak (pictured), the UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer, topped the poll after 26 per cent of women admitted to fantasising about sleeping with him.
    

        
        Ouroboros Steaks - named for and resembling the icon of a snake eating itself - were nominated for the London Design Museum's 2020 'Design of the Year Award'.
    

            
            Dominic Grant died suddenly aged 71 on Wednesday after suffering an abdominal aortic aneurysm. His wife and Guys 'n' Dolls bandmate Julie Forsyth (pictured left with Grant and dad Bruce) confirmed the news and said her 'heart is shattered' by grief as she paid tribute to the 'shining star'. The singers (right) had a string of hits in the 1970s. Their singles There's A Whole Lot Of Loving and You Don't Have To Say You Love Me reached the top 10 in the UK. Grant (lower inset with Julie) also went on to enjoy a successful career as a sculptor.
        

        
        Dutch extremist Yago Riedijk, who married Begum when she was 15 after she left London to join the terrorist 'caliphate', told her to 'stay strong' ahead of next week's UK Supreme Court hearing.
    
