Dozens killed in Uganda protests after arrest of presidential candidate
Md. and Va. nursing homes battle explosive new covid-19 outbreaks
Mich. lawmakers meet with Trump amid push to head off his pressure
Pennsylvania backtracks on in-game mask requirement for state’s football teams
Schools are not spreading covid-19. This new data explains why.
Despite precautions, CBS headquarters reports coronavirus cases amid nationwide surge
Georgia’s recount revealed no fraud — and just how unfit Loeffler and Perdue really are
Apple is lobbying against bill aimed at stopping forced labor in China
The Republican Party’s future: Being terrorized by its unhinged base
A powerful general’s release undermines the credibility of both U.S. and Mexico’s judicial systems
Trump uses power of his office to try to reverse election
The Taliban is on the offensive. Keeping the militants at bay: U.S. airstrikes, even as bases close and troops leave.
Why Joe Biden’s low-key approach may pay off
Biden must not fall into China’s smooth relations trap
There have been attempts to reach out to Michigan’s Republican state leaders to persuade them not to embrace President Trump’s claims about the voting, according to people familiar with the efforts.
Video shows the man being held by a security guard as another struck him repeatedly in the face outside a Carrefour grocery store in southern Brazil.
The Illinois 17-year-old is charged with killing two people during a protest in Kenosha, Wis.
As the Trump administration steps up pressure on Iran and its allies, aid organizations prepare for consequences in a nation on the brink of famine.
The Twitter account @HelicoptersofDC uses publicly available data to identify the sources of all that buzzing overhead.
There’s nothing clandestine about the Magna technique in the powerful paintings.
D.C. nursing homes have so far managed to avoid a spike in cases.
Evidence shows virus transmissions in schools have not been significant.
Woman believes husband had an affair 15 years ago and won’t tell the truth.
The Post offers several ways to securely send information and documents to journalists.
House lawyers said an incoming new president and Congress make the case impractical at this time.
Get the headlines from today's paper, and click on each one to read the story.
Husband issues edicts restricting the use of phones and computers.
The news division was one of the first impacted by the pandemic back in March. In November, 15 people who have spent time in CBS Broadcast Center complex have tested positive, according to emails sent to employees.
Prince George’s officials say large groups of young people are gathering in the area, including at hotels. 
Apple wants to water down key provisions of the bill, which would hold U.S. companies accountable for using Uighur forced labor, according to two congressional staffers.
