

                                                                    Djokovic reaches ATP Finals last four                                                            



                                                                    Africa's top shots: Sleek lines, sharks and shelter                                                            



                                                                    Turning an iconic plastic bag into high fashion                                                            



                                                                    Georgia officially certifies Biden as winner                                                            



                                                                    Covid-19: people 'most infectious earlier on'                                                            



                                                                    The city that kept slavery silent                                                            



                                                                    Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of...                                                            



                                                                    'I won, by the way': Trump falsely claims...                                                            



                                                                    Dutch police investigate Trump Twitter 'hack'                                                            



                                                                    Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders                                                            



                                                                    'Covid-19 made me rethink career needs'                                                            



                                                                    The futuristic cargo ship made of wood                                                            



                                                                    Queen and Philip mark anniversary with new photo                                                            



                                                                    One-minute World News                                                            



                                                                    New rules for Arctic shipping 'a missed opportunity'                                                            


                                                            The reviews are in for the K-pop band's second 2020 release, which they say is a "letter of hope".                                                    

                                                            Tottenham Hotspur's Jose Mourinho says England boss Gareth Southgate should name the managers who put pressure on players to withdraw from international duty.                                                    

                                                            Why starting a business with a friend can be playing with fire                                                    

                                                            Pep Guardiola wants his former player Lionel Messi to finish his career at Barcelona, despite suggestions he will sign the Argentine for Manchester City.                                                    

                                                            Georgia's top election official said he was disappointed his party lost, but "numbers don't lie".                                                    

                                                            A pesticide has poisoned the soil and water of Martinique and Guadeloupe, causing prostate cancer                                                    

                                                            Aid agencies say they are unable to reach civilians affected by fierce fighting in the Tigray region.                                                    

                                                            US President Donald Trump says he won the campaign during a press conference about drug prices.                                                    

                                                            The ship is hoped to be the start of a clean shipping revolution                                                    

                                                            Rugby Football Union chief executive boss Bill Sweeney says it is "nonsense" to suggest the government prioritised "posh sports" in its £300m winter survival package.                                                    

                                                            How Covid-19 brought the fresh flower industry to a standstill                                                    

                                                            From Taylor Swift to Run The Jewels, the sounds that made the year special                                                    

                                                            The vaccine could get emergency authorisation in the first two weeks of December.                                                    

                                                            Morris wrote more than 40 books including a notable trilogy about Britain's empire, Pax Britannica.                                                    

                                                            It was home to the first black people in the Americas                                                    
