As Trump Fights to Reverse Election, Business and World Leaders Move On
President Trump’s legal team is setting a precedent for lowering the bar, Mark Leibovich writes.
Which States Have Certified Presidential Vote Totals
Tucker Carlson Questioned a Trump Lawyer. The Backlash Was Quick.
Donald Trump Jr. tested positive for the coronavirus and has been in isolation since Monday.
Georgia and Michigan Deliver Blows to Trump’s Efforts to Undo Election
Coalition Wants First Native American Interior Secretary
His only success will be in ruining what should be the celebration of a successful election under highly challenging circumstances.
When the pandemic came to rural Wisconsin.
Since the virus struck, 326,000 more people have died than usual across the U.S. That number is much higher than the official toll, our analysis shows.
What should Joe Biden prioritize in his first 100 days?
Each fall, our editors select the best fiction and nonfiction titles of the year. Take a look at our picks from the past 16 years.
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
Democrats, Native Americans and liberal activists are urging President-elect Joe Biden to nominate Representative Deb Haaland.
President Trump’s allies closed ranks behind Sidney Powell and her conspiracy theory, accusing Mr. Carlson, a Fox News host, of betrayal.
President-elect Joe Biden was certified as the winner in Georgia. Michigan lawmakers said they would not intervene in the state certification process.
The Trump administration’s abrupt decision to curtail the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending programs is a gamble with no upside.
Thanksgiving is here. Unfortunately, America is all over the place.
Buoying artists and educators in a year of dashed expectations.
The people in this story may look familiar, like ones you’ve seen on Facebook or Twitter or Tinder. But they don’t exist. They were born from a computer.
Journeys through two states found Americans leading starkly different lives. New Mexico feels at a standstill. In South Dakota, life is going right on.
Sam Sifton will help you get ready for Thanksgiving. We also offer ideas for what to cook  over the next couple of days.
Tiny is the new big this holiday season, and making a small meal can be just as festive — and a whole lot easier — than a feast.
For Black Americans, loving the country and criticizing it have been inseparable — something other Americans have struggled to understand.
Rethinking the Thanksgiving myth. The fashion of Princess Diana. The cutthroat market for N95 masks. Skiing during a pandemic. And more.
Here’s a look at how many electoral votes have been certified — or made official — so far.
After a misdirected text, Wanda Dench and Jamal Hinton became internet-famous. This year, they will feel major loss from the pandemic at their table.
