
DIY SOS leaves viewers 'in tears' after semi-detached house where a mother lost her husband AND daughter, 7, is transformed into a contemporary family home


Pfizer sends full results on breakthrough Covid vaccine to drugs watchdog in US so it can be approved for December roll-out 


Would you buy a home for under £40,000? Five houses for sale that collectively cost less than one typical UK property


Prestigious £12,000-a-term public school Clifton College apologises over its handling of paedophile teachers after ignoring claims one staff member's house was a 'den of vice'


Linda Nolan reveals she's 'feeling better' after finishing chemotherapy but has 'pain' and 'gets tired often' as she urges people to get the flu jab to protect the vulnerable this winter


Pictured: Humble childhood of online shopping tycoon Matthew Moulding who lived in a house with an outside toilet and went on to land £830MILLION payout from his company The Hut Group 


Militant unions threaten industrial action as Rishi Sunak's pay squeeze for five million workers casts doubt on Boris Johnson's election manifesto to raise newly qualified teachers' pay to £30,000


Moment 'predator' uncle, 30, leaves woods where he bludgeoned his niece, 16, to death and 'burned her body in sexually motivated murder' 


Prince Harry joins William in 'drive for truth' over controversial Diana Panorama interview and slams critics for 'using it to drive a wedge between the brothers' - as Earl Spencer savages BBC inquiry 


Prisoners should jump the coronavirus vaccine queue and get the jab AHEAD of 60-year-olds, scientists say


Step into Tenerife's secret side: It's not all beaches and infinity pools on the popular Canary Island


Coleen Rooney LOSES first stage of 'Wagatha Christie' court battle but says she is 'keen to see what Rebekah Vardy tells court' after judge rules her Instagram post 'clearly' accused her rival of leaking 'false stories'


Born to rum in Barbados: With its pristine beaches and lively restaurant scene, this Caribbean beauty has long been a firm favourite for winter sun - and we can even go there after lockdown!


Rishi Sunak is set to rewrite Treasury's rules to 'level up' the North: Chancellor will use spending review to ensure investment in infrastructure previously skewed towards London and South East


Ministers could send Army troops to Hull as a 'Covid emergency' is declared with the city battling the worst infection rates in England 


        
        EXCLUSIVE: Leanne Carr, 35, said that after 14 years at Lincolnshire Police she had to 'close the door to the negativity I've endured from my colleagues for my own sanity and to protect my mental health.'
    

        
        There are new rules for businesses from January 1, 2021 as the UK leaves the single market and customs union
    

        
        Donald Trump Jr. has tested positive for coronavirus and is quarantining at his cabin in upstate New York, he confirmed on Friday night, in a video asking for Netflix recommendations.
    

        
        Nicole Elkabbas, 42, from Broadstairs, Kent, claimed she needed to pay for treatment and set up a charitable GoFundMe website but transferred the donations into her own bank account.
    

        
        A new study suggests that women who live in villages of the Mosuo tribe in southwest China, known as the 'Kingdom of Women', have lower blood pressure than similar villages run by men.
    

        
        The Queen, 94, has been pictured riding a horse in public at Windsor Castle for the first time since the start of the Covid-19 crisis. The monarch wrapped up warm in a brown coat and hood for the ride.
    

       
       I'm a Celebrity viewers were left fuming on Friday as Ruthie Henshall seemingly cheated and lied her way through a live trial. The West End star, 53, had joined her fellow celebrities in the trial area for the live task in which the girls went head-to-head with the boys in The Royal Tournament, where they attempted to win a banquet for their side. However, Ruthie became a little too competitive as she was accused of cheating during her part of the challenge before being exposed by Ant and Dec, with one fan declaring they 'can't believe that woman!'.
     

        
        Caroline Kayll was attacked alongside a 15-year-old boy in the village of Linton, Northumberland at around 8.55pm on Sunday.
    

        
        STEPHEN GLOVER: No sooner does the prime minister sack two infamous bullies - Cummings and Cain - than an official report declares Home Secretary Priti Patel is also a bully.
    

        
        A judge ordered the extension after learning Chris Hutcheson gave the proceeds of the of the sale of his family home to wife Greta just before he declared himself bust and unable to pay bills.
    

        
        Google Maps has revealed the most popular outdoor locations for a stretch of the legs for residents in the UK's cities, based on what people searched for using the tool from February 1 to October 20.
    

        
        The Daily Mail's Mark Palmer ventured to the 'big, buzzy' Caribbean island where he visited a rejuvenated Speightstown and stayed at the 'redoubtable' Cobblers Cove hotel.
    

        
        No 10 did not deny suggestions that Mr Johnson had tried to convince Sir Alex Allan to tone down his report´s conclusion.
    

        
        Wigan and Leigh Magistrates Court heard Hayley McDonald, 35, was dealt 15 points on her licence after being caught travelling at between 57 to 59mph in a temporary 50mph zone on the M62.
    

        
        Bosses hope next-day results from 'fast and accurate' PCR swabs will allow more passengers to fly to countries requiring proof of a negative Covid-19 test.
    
