Delta, WestJet scrap planned joint venture after U.S. demands


								Tibetan political leader visits White House for first time in six decades
U.S. cloud storage provider Backblaze eyes $1 bln valuation in IPO: sources

Huawei lawyers question if Canada border agent had reasonable grounds to issue CFO's warrant

South Korea's COVID third wave may be largest if not curbed, says official


Two weeks on, Trump faces stinging setbacks

Saudi King Salman: G20 leaders must work towards equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines


								Thai school students protest against 'dinosaurs'

								Prime Minister calls allegations of Australian atrocities in Afghanistan 'disturbing'
Panic buying of toilet paper hits U.S. stores again with new pandemic restrictions

Exclusive: Italy picks Bank of America and Orrick to advise on MPS privatization, sources say

White House aide Andrew Giuliani tests positive for COVID-19

Ethiopian government says troops take two towns from Tigray fighters

'Painful' downgrades will raise South Africa's borrowing costs, minister says

Medical sterilization firm Sotera Health shares jump 17% in debut

Maravai LifeSciences shares rise 18% in debut


								Violence erupts in Brazil after Black man beaten to death at Carrefour store
Photos of the week

								Exclusive: Mexico agreed with U.S. Attorney General Barr to arrest drug capo in deal for general - source

								Five Lebanese prisoners die in accident following mass prison break-out
Blind man, 'born to run,' completes solo 5K with trial app to guide him


								Rockets hit Afghan capital Kabul, at least eight killed
Detroit asks judge to sanction Trump campaign for spreading 'disinformation'

    With a parade of people dressed in dinosaur costumes to represent Thailand's establishment, high school students led a protest by thousands of people in Bangkok on Saturday with calls to bring down the government and reform the monarchy.
Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on Saturday that the findings of a report that the country's special forces allegedly killed 39 unarmed prisoners and civilians in Afghanistan were "disturbing and distressing".
    Five escaping prisoners died on Saturday when their car hit a tree after more than 60 detainees broke out of a Lebanese detention centre outside the capital Beirut, Lebanon's Internal Security Forces (ISF) said in a statement.

                    Joe Biden reached the two-week mark since becoming president-elect, with President Donald Trump stinging from back-to-back setbacks in his desperate, unprecedented bid to undo his defeat.
    The Ethiopian government said on Saturday its forces had seized another town in their advance on the rebel-held capital of northern Tigray region, and rebuffed an African diplomatic push to mediate.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
More than 1,000 demonstrators attacked a Carrefour Brasil supermarket in the southern Brazilian city of Porto Alegre on Friday after security guards beat to death a Black man at the store.
