Twitter, Facebook to hand over @POTUS account to Biden on January 20

U.S. cloud storage provider Backblaze eyes $1 bln valuation in IPO: sources

When cops and America’s cherished gun rights clash, cops win
Delta, WestJet scrap planned joint venture after U.S. demands

Huawei lawyers question if Canada border agent had reasonable grounds to issue CFO's warrant

Photos of the week
Britain wants to agree an EU free-trade deal: finance minister Sunak


								China to launch moon probe, seeking first lunar rock retrieval since 1970s
U.S. FDA grants emergency use authorization to Regeneron COVID-19 antibody given to Trump


								Australia defense chief pledges changes after damning Afghanistan report
Taiwan says unnamed U.S. official is visiting, cannot give details

European regulator to lift Boeing 737 MAX grounding in January

Panic buying of toilet paper hits U.S. stores again with new pandemic restrictions

G20 leaders seek to help poorest nations in post-COVID world
Pictures of the year 2020

								U.S. hits 12 million COVID-19 cases as many Americans defy Thanksgiving travel guidance
Myanmar’s ruling party denounces post-poll violence after MP-elect shot dead

UK's Sunak: no return to austerity in new spending plan

Exclusive: Italy picks Bank of America, Orrick to advise on MPS privatisation, sources say


								U.S. retailer Guitar Center files for bankruptcy

								Palestinian rocket fire draws Israeli air strikes in Gaza

								'Save yourselves', Ethiopia tells Tigrayans as it moves on rebel-held capital
    Palestinian militants fired a rocket into Israel, drawing Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, the Israeli military said on Sunday.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
    China plans to launch an unmanned spacecraft to the moon this week to bring back lunar rocks in the first attempt by any nation to retrieve samples from Earth's natural satellite since the 1970s.
    Afghanistan faces funding cuts and tighter restrictions on vital aid from an international donor conference this week, marking further challenges for a nation torn by two decades of war and now ravaged by COVID-19.
    Thousands of people on Saturday staged the biggest protest yet against Guatemalan President Alejandro Giammattei, with some setting fire to Congress, fuelled by anger over cuts in the 2021 budget just as the country reels from back to back storms.
    Australia's top military official said on Sunday the country's defense force must 'own' a recent report on soldiers committing crimes in Afghanistan and pledged changes to ensure that atrocities do not happen again.

                    After a scathing court setback in Pennsylvania, President Donald Trump faces increased pressure from his fellow Republicans to drop his effort to overturn the U.S. presidential election and concede to Democrat Joe Biden.
    Guitar Center Inc, the largest U.S. retailer of music instruments and equipment, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Saturday, as music lovers moved their shopping online during the coronavirus pandemic.
