
Trump skips virtual G20 meeting on 'pandemic preparedness' to play golf then says Biden would 'never be able to produce a vaccine in record time' and tears into the 'corrupt' media for not reporting that 'far fewer people' are dying of COVID


Has Moscow been secretly microwaving our spies for years? CIA investigates after the world was shocked by claims Indian troops had been 'cooked alive' by Chinese electromagnetic pulse weapon


Fed up of constantly feeling drained? Meet the real people who found iron was the answer to totally revolutionising their energy levels


DAN HODGES: Memo to Boris Johnson the fish hugger - the patience of Red Wall Tories is running out...


This Morning 'Bauble-gate' row that ended with Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford being sacked: Tensions began with feud between presenters and editor over gift for Nicola Sturgeon


The Crown should come with a disclaimer that it is fiction NOT fact: Politicians, experts and friends of royals back calls for Netflix to warn viewers that show twists the truth


The ridiculous cost of Britain's cycle lane mayhem: Just ONE new biker is attracted for every £5,000 spent on empty bikeways that are causing gridlock and chaos across the country


UK records 341 new Covid hospital deaths - down 121 on last Saturday - as new daily infections plummet by more than a QUARTER to 19,875


A health warning at the start of every episode of The Crown is the least a decent company would do to stop Netflix viewers accepting show's mendacious attacks on Royals as truth, writes WILLIAM SHAWCROSS 


More than a QUARTER of students 'self-censor' their opinions because they fear their university's woke cancel culture - and 40% are afraid their careers will be ruined if they speak out 


JUDY MURRAY: 'When something needs doing, I get off my butt and do it'


Husbands are unhappy when their wives earn more than them and they get a 'psychological kick' if a pay rise increases salary superiority within their marriage, research reveals


Joe Wicks: The man who moved the nation


Two top Oxford academics accuse Facebook of censorship for branding their article on whether masks work 'false information' 


Reopen Britain's happiness industry! Want to save jobs, kick-start the economy and protect our mental health? There's an easy answer says MoS food critic TOM PARKER BOWLES


        
        Within an hour of signing up to the dating app Badoo on June 13, Nicolette Miles, 47, a travel agent manager from Devon, connected with Tony Jones, 45 - and the pair are now engaged.
    

            
            Hasnat Khan (pictured left last week), 62, who was nicknamed 'Natty' and branded 'Mr Wonderful' by the Princess, wore a t-shirt, sandals and tracksuit bottoms to carry out the chore. During their fling, which ended in the summer of 1997, Diana - who is said to have considered him the love of her life - met the surgeon's family and even considered converting to Islam so the pair could marry. Mr Khan, pictured more than 20 years on, no longer sports a moustache and his hair was flecked with grey in the photo, which was taken on Friday. Speaking in 2008, Mr Khan broke an 11-year silence about the Princess to say, 'I found her a very normal person with great qualities.' The Princess's closest friends previously spoke of her distress when the surgeon ended their relationship. She had met his family during her 1996 visit (inset) to Pakistan, a trip on which she wore a traditional shalwar kameez - baggy trousers paired with a flowing dress.
        

        
        Top level ski instructors can remain in the EU but all others have to return to the UK after December 31, potentially affecting thousands of Britons who have been in training for several years.
    

        
        Edward 'Teddy' Dixon was born in New York but his family moved to Belfast when he was a young child. He served in the US army as an infantryman in the 42nd Infantry 'Rainbow' Division.
    

        
        Scottish mum-of-two Lauren Denholm got more than she bargained for when she shared photos of her daughter's lunch in a parenting group on Facebook.
    

        
        The star, 45, is thought to have won a £40million three-year deal to star as a special icon player in the game on PlayStation and Xbox.
    

       
       Princess Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, 56, told ITV's Love Your Weekend today that he worries viewers of Netflix's The Crown will think the show is '100 per cent true'. Appearing as a guest from the Spencer family home in Althorp, he told show host Alan Titchmarsh he turned down an approach from the show to film at Althorp. (Pictured from left: Earl Spencer, Josh O'Connor and Emma Corrin as Prince Charles and Princess Diana in The Crown. Inset: Princess Diana in 1995)
     

            
            Melanie Sykes was spotted enjoying a passionate smooch with her toyboy gondolier lover in Venice on Saturday, as they continue to enjoy their revived romance. In pictures exclusively obtained by MailOnline, the 50-year-old TV presenter is seen enthusiastically locking lips with Riccardo Simionato, 23, days after returning to Italy. The star boarded a flight from the UK to resume her fling with the gondolier, who is 27 years her junior, after enjoying a six-day romance with him in Venice in October. 
        

      
      The details of the scheme are still being ironed out by officials in Whitehall, who hope it will allow the country to get back to normal next year. To earn the freedom pass, people will need to be tested regularly and, provided the results come back negative, they will then be given a letter, card or document they can show to people as they move around. The certificate would be stored on a phone, according to sources, and would allow people to live a relatively normal life until the government's vaccination programme gets up to the speed. It would even allow Britons to get away without wearing a mask, it is thought, and visit family and friends without the need to socially distance. Former health secretary Jeremy Hunt has suggested a similar plan recently.
    

        
        Coronavirus isn't just a threat to our lives, it's a threat to our livelihoods as well.
    

        
        Former Financial Times editor Lionel Barber claims that the Duke of York told him one week before the 2014 Scottish referendum that the Queen was set to intervene.
    

            
            We used to relish our brisk morning walks down Kensington High Street but that all changed almost overnight after my local council - without any notice - installed these dreaded new cycle lanes which have caused havoc across the country. Little black and white bollards have suddenly appeared all the way up the road, cutting off a lane of traffic in both directions. It means that, instead of two lanes heading up past Hyde Park towards Central London, there is just one for all that rush-hour traffic to squeeze into. Add to the mix 15 bus stops and eight sets of traffic lights in a stretch of road under half a mile long, and what you have is absolute bedlam.
        

        
        Every week our Holiday Hero Neil Simpson takes an in-depth look at a brilliant holiday topic, doing all the legwork so you don't have to. This week: spending unused air miles.
    

        
        PETER HITCHENS: Vote Blue, get Green. Vote Red, get Green. Vote Yellow, get Green. Vote SNP, get Green. I wonder why they bother even having an actual Green Party.
    

        
        For Raymond Blanc, the distinguished chef and restaurateur, the end of lockdown had better bring good news because his industry makes about 25 per cent of their profit around Christmas.
    
