A wave of school closures comes despite pressure from parents, governors and the White House to stay open 
What does Obama really think about Biden? His memoir doesn’t say.
In his memoir, Obama is both the subject and the judge
It’s time for Trump’s ‘favorite dictator’ to hear a different message
G-20 leaders call for global coronavirus vaccine access as U.S. labs near approval
Trump’s wildest claims are going nowhere in court. Thank legal ethics.
St. Mary’s College of Maryland unveils memorial to enslaved people on its campus
Ohio State’s win over Indiana showed the predictability of college football until it didn’t
Trump’s presidential library will be a shrine to his ego
As U.S. coronavirus cases soar toward 200,000 a day, holiday travel is surging
Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro ran against corruption. He’ll need another slogan.
Yes, the Senate is rigged for small states. But not for Republicans.
In scathing opinion, federal judge dismisses Trump campaign lawsuit in Pennsylvania
Vindictive Trump seeks to undermine Biden’s presidency
Whether you want parts, a whole bird, something fast or something slow, one of these holiday turkey recipes will fit the bill.
Theater of War’s project for front-line medical workers provides a poignant place to gather.
Browse the paper on your computer or tablet, just as it appears in the print edition.
The swirl of criminal investigations and civil complaints stemming from his business activities and personal conduct could possibly prove more serious once he leaves office.
There were no red flags or cringeworthy moments, but something was missing.
More than 85 percent of those surveyed by AAA in all three jurisdictions said they perceive traveling during the pandemic as a risk. Of those who are still planning to travel, more than 60 percent plan to drive, according to the survey.
Overturning the election was never really possible. Instead he wants his followers, and even some Republican lawmakers, to see Biden as illegitimate.
The drug, made by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, is designed to prevent infected people from developing severe illness. The treatment is expected to be in short supply.
Get the headlines from today's paper, and click on each one to read the story.
Those close to President-elect Joe Biden insist that the ceremony must still have the august feeling of past inaugurations. But that quest is complicated by another urgent demand: to adhere to health guidelines that Biden embraced during his campaign and wants to showcase at the start of his administration.
The top two picks in last spring's draft overlapped at Ohio State for one season and as Heisman Trophy finalists. On Sunday, they meet as opponents for the first time when Washington plays the Cincinnati Bengals.
Doc Walker, Scott Linn and Chris Johnson were laid off by The Team 980, which was acquired by Entercom this month. Entercom also owns 106.7 The Fan, a decade-long sports talk competitor.
A new compliation is the latest reminder of the political, syrupy and quick-burning breed of pop took that over London in the ’80s.
If nothing else, Ohio State’s win reminded that very young people play college football, which can sustain its unpredictability even when times seem predictable.
The discovery of artifacts on the grounds was heartbreaking. “... In my heart of hearts, I had hoped we had no hand in slavery,” the school’s president said.
Kevin Tien, formerly of Emilie’s and Himitsu, explores more of his Vietnamese roots at his new restaurant.
