G.O.P. officials in state capitols and Congress are facing a choice between the will of the voters and the will of a president falsely claiming fraud.
The Harvard economist Raj Chetty on why third grade is so important.
Ski areas are taking unprecedented steps to minimize crowding and curb the virus’s spread. Many changes may be temporary. Some may linger.
A negative test doesn’t mean you should skip other measures, like quarantining, wearing masks and social distancing.
The Kolyma Highway in the Russian Far East once delivered thousands of prisoners to the work camps of Stalin’s gulag. The ruins of that era are still visible.
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
A pharmaceutical giant and an upstart biotech firm are the frontrunners in the race to create a vaccine. They were up against more than the virus.
When the pandemic came to rural Wisconsin.
Educate a girl. Send a young person to college. Restore a person’s sight.
It’s both a moral failure and a public health one.
Every November, people ask chef Samin Nosrat if her beloved roast chicken recipe works with turkey. She decided to find out.
The city and state use different approaches for calculations. That has led to confusion, and has a big impact on which restrictions are adopted.
Rethinking the Thanksgiving myth. The fashion of Princess Diana. The cutthroat market for N95 masks. Skiing during a pandemic. And more.
The treatment, made by the biotech company Regeneron, is a cocktail of two powerful antibodies that has shown promise. Catch up on the latest.
Two new works of history, “South to Freedom” and “The Kidnapping Club,” show how the actions of Black Americans have long influenced national politics.
The race to file lawsuits challenging the election results has forced lawyers into mistakes and uncomfortable court appearances.
See how families have found creative ways to celebrate the season. Plus, more ideas for making the holidays brighter while you’re at home.
Confronting race on the first date.
