
Middle-aged sex therapist who locked himself in his boyfriend's £1.2million home and refused to leave until he was promised £250k in break-up goes to court to try and make his ex honour the promise 


How breast screening can HALVE the risk of death: Mammograms dramatically reduce chance of developing a fatal cancer, major new study suggests 


NASA's Curiosity rover finds evidence of an ancient 'megaflood' on Mars 4 billion years ago - raising the possibility that life once existed there 


Zoombombing, superspreader, covidiot: Oxford Word of the Year is expanded to a whole LIST for 2020 to capture mood of an 'unprecedented' 12 months


Stampede to beat the cap on lavish payoffs: Public sector limit on golden goodbyes caused a rush of workers keen to leave on six-figure handouts


Keep Whitehall office disputes behind closed doors, Boris Johnson tells civil servants after Priti Patel was caught up in scandal over 'bullying' claims 


UK coronavirus cases fall by 25% in a week to 18,662 - the lowest total in more than a month - while 'data error' is blamed for doubling fatalities to 398 after 141 deaths were excluded from Saturday's figures 


NINE Australian troops - including one female soldier - take their own lives in just three weeks amid fallout from bombshell report exposing 'war crimes' in Afghanistan


Is this the childhood home of Jesus Christ? British archaeologist excavates domestic dwelling under ruins of the Sisters of Nazareth Convent


Billionaire Christian Candy is locked in a bitter row with his super-rich neighbours over plans to build two huge tunnels at his £150m 'Candyland' complex - linking his mansion to an underground car museum


Shocking moment keen amateur golfer SHATTERS the windshield of a passing car while practicing his golf swing - and the cringey confrontation as he apologises to the furious driver


Plug-in hybrid vehicles are 'fake electric cars' that emit up to 12 TIMES their quoted carbon dioxide outputs, new investigation claims


Pictured: Woman, 25, who was 'stabbed and repeatedly run over before her body was dumped on house doorstep' on new-build estate as man, 27, is charged with murder


Student, 25, who was cleared of rape after police failed to disclose vital evidence has baby with woman falsely accused of domestic violence


Hong Kong activists vow not to 'kowtow to Beijing and surrender' as three, including Joshua Wong, are placed in custody after pleading guilty to organising democracy rally


        
        A logjam of around 11,000 containers full of PPE was being held in the Suffolk port yard last week attracting sky-high fees, despite a continued lack of protection for NHS workers.
    

            
            For the first time in its history, British Airways has decided to unlock the doors to its warehouse this Christmas to give customers and aviation fans the unique opportunity to get their hands on items from British Airways aircraft that have circled the globe hundreds of times.
        

        
        Boris Johnson stuck his neck out to save Priti Patel from the sack last week after she was found to have bullied civil servants. But there is now speculation that he could demote her.
    

        
        The Health Department was forced into a humiliating climbdown yesterday after accusing the Mail of 'misleading' readers.
    

        
        Angry viewers have launched a tirade of misplaced abuse at the Duchess of Cornwall on the Royal Family's Instagram page after her portrayal in The Crown.
    

        
        It's a particularly smart move by Sir Jim - Britain's fifth-richest man with an estimated personal fortune of £12.2billion - whose refinery network already produces 300,000 tons of hydrogen a year.
    

        
        Nev Kemp, 48 - a deputy chief constable at Surrey Police - was arranging a meet-up with Sergeant Rachael Johnson, 38, over the phone when a doorbell camera picked it up, sources claim.
    

        
        HMRC alone used almost £4million of public taxes on working from home, with its staff spending £500,000 on transporting office furniture to employees' homes.
    

        
        Consultations for the infections among those aged 45 to 64 in England soared from 287,000 in 2015 to 336,000 last year.
    

        
        Yorkshire shepherdess and mother-of-nine Amanda Owen, 45, shocked This Morning viewers when she revealed she added cheese to her apple pie.
    

       
       The customer, dressed in black boots and a white coat, is seen angrily asking, 'I got f***ing money in my account, you're gonna decline me?' The cashier tries to calm the woman down but she continues her tirade, which happened at a branch in Clapham Common, London at 9.40pm on Saturday. A security guard can be heard calling the police in the background, while an older, female worker approaches the woman to get her out of the store. The customer walks towards the exit where she kicks the products in the Christmas tree display before being directed out.
     

        
        The TV personality, 34, was all smiles on Sunday as she shared an adorable Instagram snap with her four sons as they posed for their annual Christmas picture.
    

        
        A woman in her 30s was rushed to hospital around 10pm this evening after she was gunned down in Hackney. A man in his 20s was knifed in Lambeth after another man was stabbed in Kensal Green.
    

NEW

        Helen Todd, whose family runs the Dusun Resort where Nora vanished from in August 2019, said it was 'highly unusual' to have intruders although not impossible.
    

        
        An anonymous reader asked British TV's Steph and Dom Parker for advice. She explained her husband gambles most days and the habit is making her worry about when they retire.
    
