Canada October wholesale sales seen up 0.9%: StatsCan flash estimate


								Analysis: With end of crisis programs, Fed faces tricky post-pandemic transition
France's Credit Agricole makes $875 million buyout offer for Italy's Creval


								GM must recall 5.9 million vehicles for air bag issue: agency
White House plans holiday party as Americans urged to stay home

Ortega media enrich first family, squeeze rivals across Nicaragua
COVID-19 slices U.S. demand for big Thanksgiving turkeys
Pictures of the year: Oddly

								Ethiopia says Tigray capital encircled after surrender ultimatum
Surge in greenhouse gases sustained despite COVID lockdowns: U.N.

U.S. prepares for first COVID-19 shots as another vaccine candidate emerges

Oil prices rise on COVID-19 vaccine news

Johnson and EU's von der Leyen may speak this week, Times Radio reports

U.S. judge calls Trump claim challenging Biden win in Pennsylvania 'Frankenstein's Monster'

U.S. federal government awards transportation contract to Uber, Lyft

A mantra for small business in 2020 : 'Listen hard, change fast'

								Smelling blood, Huawei’s Chinese mobile rivals look to capitalise on its U.S. woes
Britain must rebuild with an eye on debt levels, UK's Labour says

Indonesia hits half million virus cases as infection spike strains hospitals

Smaller digital coins soar as bitcoin powers on towards record high


								China says it will respond to U.S. admiral visit to Taiwan
Barcelona bars spring back to life after five-week coronavirus closure

    Wall Street's main indexes opened higher on Monday as hopes that the first COVID-19 vaccine could be available within weeks renewed bets of a swift economic recovery next year.
China plans to launch an unmanned spacecraft to the moon between 4 am and 5 am Beijing time on Tuesday (2000-2100 GMT on Monday), the official Xinhua news agency said, citing information from the country's National Space Administration.
    Ethiopian federal forces were encircling the Tigray region's capital from around 50 km (30 miles) on Monday, the government said, after giving the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) a 72-hour surrender ultimatum.
    Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu travelled to Saudi Arabia and met its crown prince, an Israeli official said on Monday, in what would be the first publicly confirmed visit there by an Israeli leader as the countries close ranks against Iran.
The European Union's Brexit negotiator said on Monday that big differences persisted in trade talks with Britain but that both sides were pushing hard for a deal.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.

                    President Donald Trump's increasingly tenuous efforts to reverse his election loss to President-elect Joe Biden could be dealt a lethal blow on Monday, as Biden turns to the task of building his cabinet.
    General Motors Co must recall 5.9 million vehicles with Takata air bag inflators after a U.S. safety agency said Monday it had rejected the Detroit automaker's petition to avoid the callback.
