Our democracy is holding. Americans will remember who defended it — and who didn’t.
A preseason March Madness bracket for a most unusual  season
The case against indicting Trump
A Trump donor’s company got a 3% government-backed pandemic loan. It sells loans at a 350% annual rate.
College students hit the road after an eerie pandemic semester. Will the virus go home with them?
Biden makes secretary of state pick, emphasizing experience and the foreign policy establishment
Here are all the votes Trump and his allies are challenging
Biden’s voter margin in key states wouldn’t fill the Rose Bowl. That will affect how he governs.
The Republican Party has split in two. Let’s keep it that way.
Shop safe. The scammers are coming for you.
Biden reaches out. The GOP slaps him in the face.
Republicans and others offer tips on how to rebut millions of ‘election deniers’
Trump’s overarching Middle East strategy reaches a disastrous dead end
Panic grips Shanghai airport after employees are sealed in for virus testing
Checking in with the oddballs, misfits and bit players of the Trump show as it wraps up.
The meeting, with five players who have been vocal on matters ranging from White privilege to police violence, offers a glimpse into what aspects of U.S. society the pontiff feels are most important.
A new compliation is the latest reminder of the political, syrupy and quick-burning breed of pop that took over London in the ’80s.
From a classic to the unconventional, the Post’s Mary Beth Albright and Daniela Galarza explore what Thanksgiving movies to watch in 2020.
Kevin Tien, formerly of Emilie’s and Himitsu, explores more of his Vietnamese roots at his new restaurant.
The pro-Trump Internet can’t stop talking about their exodus from Big Tech, but very few have actually left their long-time social media homes.
Mix and match crusts, fillings and toppings for the slice of your dreams.
Some museums and cultural attractions have remained open with precautions in place.
The Trump campaign would need to void more than 100,000 votes across at least three states to do what the president is asking and overturn the election, but the total number of votes being challenged is north of 5.2 million.
President-elect Joe Biden has selected Antony Blinken, one of his closest and longest-serving foreign policy advisers, for the position. Biden is also planning to announce Linda Thomas-Greenfield as his nominee for ambassador to the United Nations.
Reader suggests ignoring “bad” people is the appropriate reaction to bad behavior.
Public health experts and hospital administrators say the abrupt rise in new cases could foreshadow a more difficult December, followed by an even rougher January and a darker February.
Wellshire used what consumer advocates describe as a loophole to a rule designed to prevent most lenders from qualifying for the Fed's Main Street pandemic-loan program.
A dating-app user is getting uncomfortable vibes from an overbearing suitor.
Wife came from abusive family, and he wanted to rescue her. Now he wants a way out.
Browse the paper on your computer or tablet, just as it appears in the print edition.
