Join The Times for a live virtual announcement of this year’s list, featuring a celebrity guest.
Joe Burrow’s rookie season is over after a knee injury. The Titans beat the Ravens, the Steelers improved to 10-0 and the Colts outlasted the Packers.
Pennsylvania is scheduled to certify its vote results today, and a board in Michigan is set to consider doing the same. Here’s the latest.
The nonprofit marketing group led a polio vaccine campaign in the 1950s. Now it is working on an ad blitz to counter concerns about coming treatments.
A burst of production solved the dire shortage that defined the first wave. But the surplus may not be enough to prevent large numbers of deaths.
Is there any safe way to celebrate? We asked the people who really know what they’re talking about.
The coronavirus vaccine candidate was up to 90 percent effective, said the drugmaker, the third this month to report promising results. Here’s the latest.
Thanks to a push by President Trump and other Republicans to overturn the election results, the Michigan Board of State Canvassers is under a microscope.
“We need music to make us feel at equilibrium through hard times and good times,” the cellist said.
More than 100 chief executives plan to ask President Trump’s administration to acknowledge President-elect Joe Biden’s victory and begin a transfer of power.
The Harvard economist Raj Chetty on why third grade is so important.
Melissa Clark takes you through brining, stuffing, trussing and roasting, along with extra turkey tips to help you through the holiday.
The billionaire is working with the W.H.O., drugmakers and nonprofits to defeat the virus everywhere, including in the poorest nations. Can they do it?
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
At least 14 children were investigated on accusations of making inappropriate comments during a tribute for a teacher who was beheaded last month.
If the thought of the treadmill fills you with dread, we’ll help you gear up to run outdoors this winter. Plus, more tips for how to deal while you’re at home.
There is nothing funny about the Republican Party’s multipronged attack on voting rights.
New York City’s 3 percent problem.
The reported visit between Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia would be the first such high-level meeting.
As they try to reverse Joe Biden’s victory, President Trump and his allies are targeting cities with large populations of Black voters, painting them as corrupt.
