After Weeks of Delay, Process Starts for a New White House Team
A small group of social media accounts are “superspreaders” of false election theories, researchers found.
Janet Yellen, Biden’s Expected Treasury Pick, Has Broken Many Barriers
Transition to Biden Administration Formally Begins
G.M. Drops Its Support for Trump Climate Rollbacks and Aligns With Biden
Biden to Pick 1st Woman to Lead Intelligence and 1st Latino to Run D.H.S.
A Timeline of the Certification Process That Trump Is Trying to Disrupt
What Donald Trump Liked About Being President
Nine states are reporting more than twice as many new cases a day as they did two weeks ago, and none of them are in the Midwest. Catch up on the latest.
General Motors said it would no longer back President Trump’s lawsuit seeking to strip California of the power to set fuel economy standards.
He preferred moments that combined pomp, splendor and a world amenable to his decisions, our reporters write. So he seemed to genuinely enjoy pardoning turkeys.
There’s a pattern here, and it began with “birtherism.”
Revisit the “Seinfeld” Festivus episode and other favorites from the holiday TV canon. Plus, more ideas for what to watch at home this week.
Yes, the coronavirus can be spread over cocktails and dinners. But these get-togethers do not account for the huge rise in cases seen now, the data show.
The labor market expert appears poised to be one of few people to have wielded economic power from the White House, the Federal Reserve and the cabinet.
The pandemic has taken an incalculable death toll. This series is designed to put names and faces to the numbers.
For decades, a couple have been the unofficial parents for many Black students at Notre Dame. This year, that family is scattered.
John Kerry, the former secretary of state, will be the climate czar, signaling the new administration’s commitment to fighting climate change.
Rudy Giuliani said on Twitter that David Dinkins, his predecessor as New York City’s mayor, had given “a great deal of his life in service to our great City.”
Confronting race on the first date.
Mr. Dinkins, New York’s only Black mayor, made strides against crime and other problems, but was turned out after one term over his handling of racial violence.
Trashing the nation on his way out the door.
We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think
Despite Republican efforts to undermine the process, state officials say they fully expect to meet their upcoming deadlines.
Jane Goodall on chimps, presidents and other alpha males.
The video of a crowd singing “Happy Birthday” to the president-elect was from 2019. Here’s how it went viral.
A dancer at the water’s edge, seeing a scary movie and more reader tales of New York City in this week’s Metropolitan Diary.
Like many places in Europe, school districts in Canada’s largest province and many elsewhere are finding in-class learning outweighs the risks.
The editors of The Times Book Review choose the best fiction and nonfiction titles this year.
Families found support after the pandemic disrupted their children’s education.
