Comic Artists Depict Covid-19 Era in ‘This Quarantine Life’
CFOs Adjust to Remote Due Diligence as Deal Making Soars
Befriended by Trump, Populists in Europe’s East Brace for Change
Joe Biden Had Big Ambitions for Taxes; Now Reality Sets In
Amid Virus Surge, Holiday Shoppers Flock to Malls
U.S. media coverage of coronavirus is far more negative than elsewhere, university researchers conclude
GM Stops Backing White House in Emissions Fight With California
Covid-19 Has Become Less Deadly, but That Could Change as Cases Rise
Lululemon Names New CFO
Should Parents Involve Their Teenagers in Big Spending Decisions?
Hospitals Prepare for the New Covid Wave
A Heap of Thanksgiving Hypocrisy
Will Political Polarization Stop Companies From Supporting Social Causes?
U.S. Stock Futures Rise as Election Uncertainty Ebbs
Biden chooses veteran diplomat Antony Blinken as secretary of state. Here's why Europe should cheer
The president said his administration would cooperate with President-elect Joe Biden’s transition to the White House, ending a delay that had come under increasing criticism from members of both parties.
David MacLennan is changing how the food supplier’s plants and executives function to navigate the coronavirus pandemic—and business beyond.
One adviser says if done right, involving teens can be empowering and educational. Another says it’s wrong to let kids think they have control.
The seasonings company is in talks with L Catterton, the private-equity firm that owns Cholula, for a deal that would value the hot-sauce brand at $800 million.
As the U.S. government revises its dietary recommendations, opposing groups are fighting over the healthiness of carbohydrates.123
A long-awaited Commodity Futures Trading Commission report into the collapse of crude-oil futures to minus $40 a barrel in April has declined to identify a reason for the crash, prompting criticism from one of the agency’s own commissioners.
Google’s latest globe-crossing internet construction effort will connect through the countries while opening a new corridor for global internet traffic, according to people familiar with the plans.
Signs that President-elect Joe Biden’s transition process will get underway ease concerns that the new administration would not get timely access to briefings and key information.16 minutes ago
Billionaire hedge-fund manager Jamie Dinan plans to shut down York’s European hedge funds and to turn its flagship U.S. hedge fund into one running mainly internal money.
Independent of The Wall Street Journal newsroom. 
Tools & Features
By William McGurn | Main Street
To chart the extent of the pandemic, The Wall Street Journal’s trackers show the areas where infections are rising fastest, and totals for countries around the world.
Populist and authoritarian politicians in Central Europe, who viewed President Trump as a valuable ally, are bracing for the incoming Biden administration’s new stress on promoting democracy and the rule of law.
Customer Service
