Families like this one were torn apart at the border. The U.S. still hasn’t made things right. 
Detroit had more vote errors in 2016, when Trump won Michigan by a narrow margin. He didn’t object.
These women are secretly relieved to be off the hook for the holidays this year
What Joe Biden can learn from Harry Truman
Money didn’t buy love in the 2020 election
Want to understand Biden voters? Here’s your reading list.
Rams hold off Tom Brady late, secure big NFC win
Planning on Thanksgiving holiday travel? Many in the area are staying put.
Biden brings back the establishment
Trump’s Farmers to Families Food Box program mishandled contracts, House Democrats say
Trump came in promising so much winning. He's going out with so much whining.
Covid-19 deaths are likely to keep getting worse even after cases peak
While the U.S. deals with Trump’s attacks on democracy, the E.U. faces a threat of its own
What line did Sidney Powell cross that Rudy Giuliani didn’t?
Health experts from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have “strongly recommended” people avoid traveling during the holiday. Most seem to be heeding that advice.
It’s hard to imagine what else would need to happen to prompt other Republicans to speak up.
Get the headlines from today's paper, and click on each one to read the story.
In an interview with the Washington Post, the former president said the divisions between the parties have grown so great that an “institutional reboot” is necessary for Congress to pass much-needed legislation.
If the holiday season causes case — and death — counts to rise, we won't know until weeks after it's over.
He wonders: Break up now or wait? First, there are some questions he should ask himself.
The implicit message here is that of a return to competent governance and an end to the whirlwind of ax-grinding appointees and palace dramas that consumed U.S. agencies under President Trump.
Or is Thanksgiving a whole new thing to argue about?
Jennings, who once won 74 games in a row and claimed the show’s “Greatest of All Time” title in a competition last year, is set to host episodes that air in January.
While short of a concession, the president’s move paves the way for President-elect Joe Biden’s team to receive funding and security briefings, and sets in motion the steps needed for a peaceful transfer of power.
President-elect Joe Biden flipped several battlegrounds and dominated in key groups of counties such as major cities. Look up how your county swung.
Running backs Mark Ingram and J.K. Dobbins tested positive, and defensive tackle Brandon Williams was placed in quarantine as a high-risk close contact.
Republican officials have called on the state to delay certifying the election results because of “irregularities” in Wayne County. But the numbers were worse four years ago.
Mr. Cordier was a key member of the French resistance, helping coordinate and unify the disparate guerrilla groups who set out to attack Nazi trains and bases to weaken, confuse and distract them in the run-up to the 1944 Allied landings at Normandy.
Stop worrying about who's a lineman and who's a linebacker, and learn a new vocabulary.
Other recent studies have also pointed to vaccine hesitancy in communities of color, but Monday’s survey delved deeper into the reasons, polling respondents on a spectrum of questions to get at the roots of their distrust.
