
Does every parent REALLY have a favourite child? Parents weigh in on the controversial topic - and what they say might surprise you 


Reality bites for Chancellor: As Rishi Sunak confronts true horror of Covid bill, top economists spell out his options


Time-warp house untouched for 83 years goes on sale: Narrow 160-year-old home that's 'like a museum' inside is on the market for £250k 


Joe Biden picks former Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen to be first female Treasury Secretary and brings back John Kerry as climate czar as Democrats' cabinet takes shape 


Seek-and-find puzzle challenges YOU to count all five sheep hiding among the clouds 


Dolphins avoid getting 'the bends' when diving underwater by lowering their heart rates to conserve oxygen, study finds 1


Crumbs! MoD blows £8,500 on BISCUITS to dunk in their tea


Tight squeeze! Shopper goes viral after she's filmed getting stuck behind the railings outside a B&M store 


So which tier will YOU be in? Worst-hit areas including Hull and North West are set to be Tier 3 while debate rages over London - with Sadiq Khan predicting Tier 2 while MPs demand capital be put in the LOWEST Tier 1


'You are aging backwards!' 47-year-old mother-of-one who has stunned social media with her youthful looks reveals how she transformed her body to get in better shape than she was at age 30


SHANE WATSON reviews last night's TV: Monster who took her son to join ISIS and traded in teen sex slaves


Your budget medicine cabinet: Expert pharmacist GEMMA FROMAGE reveals how to save £200-a-year on everyday essentials


A depression pill from 70 years ago could be used to treat prostate cancer, research suggests 


What can be done about a 'clicky' ear? DR MARTIN SCURR answers your health questions


Russian childminder high on drugs decapitates six-year-old boy while the child's mother was giving birth in hospital


        
        The race to produce a Covid vaccine is hotting up, but there is still some way to go until a jab is available to everyone. And early results indicate that no vaccine will be able to protect all.
    

            
            A rising infection rate in the capital, bucking the trend for most of England, has raised the possibility it could be plunged into the harshest Tier Three restrictions. Under the Prime Minister's new scheme, pubs and restaurants in Tier Three will only be able to offer takeaway and delivery services, while cinemas, bowling alleys and hotels will close. Residents in Tier Two will have to follow rules that were previously in place in the highest Covid level - meaning pubs will only be able to serve alcohol with a 'substantial meal'. Senior Tories, including Sir Ian Duncan Smith, last night demanded that London - which they argued was the beating heart of Britain's economy - be put into Tier One.
        

            
            I started early with a walk across St James's Park to the Royal Academy and met Antonia Fraser, looking good in fur, Charles Saumarez Smith [chief executive of the RA] then letting us in early to the David Hockney exhibition. It was a wonderful privilege to see it without anyone else there, room after room of happiness and joy, a sunshine quality with those radiant landscapes of East Yorkshire and the Dales. I went to the Abbey for the Dickens commemoration. The Prince of Wales appeared, with his usual smiling if slightly agonised look, along with Camilla, who told me how they'd been to the Dickens Museum and I ought to go. He asked: 'How's the garden?' I said: 'Stunning, but you've never seen it.' (Pictured: Sir Roy Strong in the Silver Jubilee Garden at his home in Herefordshire, main and inset)
        

       
       The off-duty police worker (left and right) who slammed into 73-year-old John Wilson (inset), on Tarring Road, Worthing, on October 19, has been let off with a £30 fine. Mr Wilson, who is terminally ill with prostate cancer, was left with bruises to his face and suffered broken ribs after he was bowled over by the cyclist as he walked out of a shop last month. However police bosses said their worker was not 'cycling in a wanton or furious manner' and it was not in the public interest to prosecute.
     

        
        The UK normally imports more than one million Nordmann Fir trees each year from what is Europe's largest festive tree producer.
    

        
        Boris Johnson has given care home residents a glimmer of Christmas hope by vowing to roll-out rapid tests for visitors by the end of the year. Plans will see residents allowed two designated 'key visitors'.
    

            
            In recent appearances, the Duchess of Cambridgey, 38, has debuted a more subtle look and a dewier complexion, most recently in a video filmed at her home in Kensington Palace, in which she teased the results of her Early Years survey (pictured). Celebrity make-up artist and beauty expert Olivia Todd told FEMAIL that the mother-of-three has swapped her usual matte, rosy complexion for a more modern and fresh appearance. Her more 'radiant' make-up look is the result of ditching dark eye make-up and harsh blusher and using softer shadows and brow pencils and peachier tones in their place. Earlier this month the royal showed off a lighter 'bronde' hairstyle, a midway point between blonde and brown, which Olivia claims creates a 'more youthful look' to frame her face. Pictured inset in February.
        

            
            Britons have gone bonkers for subscriptions, with households now having an average of seven contracts costing around £552 a year - a 40 per cent increase on 2019. In particular, deliverable meal kits have soared in popularity. But this is small fry for some families, who splurge thousands a year on subscriptions. They include Helen McIntyre (left) whose bill top £6,000. Mother-of-four Jen Barton Packer (top right) spends £4,258 a year on subscriptions, but insist they make her life easier by avoiding trips to the supermarket. As for Katherine Busby (bottom right), she admits she can get 'click-happy,' with contracts, as her family-of-three spends £2,634 a year on various services.
        

NEW

        The weekly report from the Office for National Statistics showed that the numbers of people dying of any cause is higher than average in all regions of England and Wales, driven up by Covid fatalities.
    

       
       French riot police have been accused of using 'outrageous tactics' to clear hundreds of homeless refugees from one of Paris' biggest squares on Monday. Squads of officers moved into Place de la République, in the east of the city, on Monday night following reports that groups were planning to sleep there. The refugees, mainly Afghans, had set up around 500 small tents provided by the Utopia56 charity. Many had been moved on from an encampment elsewhere in the city and had not been rehomed after authorities drastically underestimated the numbers in the camp. Footage from the break up of the camp on Monday appears to show police beating people, including one French journalist who had earlier filmed officers tipping a refugee out of his tent. France's interior minister has described the images of the dispersal as 'shocking' and said he had ordered a 'detailed report' into the incident.
     

NEW

            This white lion at a lion sanctuary in South Africa clearly takes pride in his fabulous hairstyle (pictured, left and right). The spectacular carnivore named Moya shows off his impressive locks at the Glen Garriff Conservation lion sanctuary. His locks even put great fictional big cats, like Narnia's Aslan and the Lion King's Mufasa, to shame.
        

        
        HENRY DEEDES: Boris Johnson was moving through the gears nicely in the Commons yesterday as he laid out next week's post-lockdown restrictions. Then the PM was rendered mute.
    

        
        Mums have weighed in on the controversial subject of whether they have a favourite child, after the debate was sparked in the new series of the royal drama, The Crown.
    

        
        Rishi Sunak is planning to pause a five per cent pay rise in the national living wage - meaning many frontline workers will see no real term increase in their rate of pay.
    

        
        Given the state of the world, can I really justify writing at length about a dead dog? And one that has been dead for 40 years, at that.
    
