Yellen may be bolder Treasury pick than she looks
Top Photos of the Day

								New Trump rule may require some African tourists to pay up to $15,000 in bonds
Suited avatars and digital offices: traders and bankers embrace VR


								Ethiopia's Tigray forces claim battle win, global alarm grows

								Taiwan to protect sovereignty with new submarines amid China tensions
Decades of work, and half a dose of fortune, drove Oxford vaccine success


								Former New York City Mayor David Dinkins dies at 93: police

								Trump campaign urges appeals court to block Biden from winning Pennsylvania
Bitcoin hits $19,000 for first time in three years, all-time high in sight

Russian online retailer Ozon raises $1 billion in U.S. listing

JD Health to raise $4 billion in Hong Kong's largest IPO of 2020: sources

Bitcoin at $100,000 in 2021?

								GM hits reverse on Trump effort to bar California emissions rules
Factbox: Federal agency clears way for Biden to receive key transition resources

Hong Kong to shut bars, nightclubs for third time as new COVID-19 cases jump


								Tesla defies doubters as builds on rally ahead of S&P 500 debut
Britain warns tech firms over risks of China expansion

Bitcoin at $100,000 in 2021? Outrageous to some, a no-brainer for backers

Elliott Advisors amends takeover proposal for Aryzta

A mantra for small business in 2020 : 'Listen hard, change fast'
Biden's transition team to begin meeting with federal officials: executive director

    Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen on Tuesday vowed to defend the democratic island's sovereignty with the construction of a new fleet of domestically-developed submarines, a key project supported by the United States to counter neighbouring China.
    The outgoing administration of U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday issued a new temporary rule that could require tourist and business travelers from two dozen countries, most in Africa, to pay a bond of as much as $15,000 to visit the United States.
 All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
    Tesla shares rose 6% on Monday, approaching a $500 billion market value and extending gains to 27% since news a week ago that the electric car maker will debut in the S&P 500 in December, forcing index funds to buy billions of dollars of its stock.
    David Dinkins, who served as New York City's first and only African American mayor during the 1990s, died on Monday at the age of 93, police said.

                    After weeks of waiting, President Donald Trump's administration cleared the way for President-elect Joe Biden to transition to the White House, giving him access to briefings and funding even as Trump vowed to continue fighting the election results.
    Ghislaine Maxwell has been quarantined after staff tested positive for coronavirus at the jail where she is awaiting trial on charges she aided late financier Jeffrey Epstein's sexual abuse of girls, U.S. prosecutors said in a letter on Monday.
    Stocks, oil and risk currencies gained on Tuesday as the formal go-ahead for U.S. President-elect Joe Biden to begin his transition burnished a November already boosted by COVID-19 vaccines.
